I just want the multi just give me the
fucking multi I want it so fucking bad
well accent Maltese are like an
addiction for me whenever I get on this
game that's all I fucking think about
it's an addiction I acquired without
ever hitting one to them fucking shit at
mw3 I'm a bad mw3 player but I think I
made that pretty clear a long time ago
I'm clearly a better black ops 2 sniper
or black ops one sniper than I am a
modern warfare 3 player if I actually
took the time to sit down and try to
improve my skills on this game I could
be really good at it it's just hi oh I
actually have a story for you guys
so ultimate high school I knew this kid
named Richard and this kid Richard was
very short I would say about five three
and he was pretty fat pretty chubby he
was he was well over 200 pounds I would
say small little white kid not very
strong anything like that he went to
fitness class thinking that you know
doing a couple jumping jacks here and
there would make him lose weight stuff
like that
that's no disrespect to fat people but
this kid had no work ethic whatsoever in
the classroom or physically this kid
Richard he wasn't very it wasn't a very
positive kid you could tell he was a
positive kid but he got picked on so
much that he just turned into a complete
asshole
I wholeheartedly understand that most
people that are assholes now are
assholes for a reason cuz somebody fuck
them up so bad at least one time or
multiple times that they just don't give
a shit anymore so this kid Richard he
got made fun of a lot and he was kind of
an asshole to other people and that did
not help him getting picked on
whatsoever by him being an asshole back
see there are ways to stop him from
bullying you and then there are ways to
provoke it and what he did was provoke
it he thought standing up to bullying
was being a complete asshole to everyone
even people that weren't bullies so he
turned every one of his friends at the
time into his own enemies why was that
so violent so Richard did not have very
many friends now the main thing that
Richard got made fun of for was one him
being fat and two for his name now I
don't know if you guys know this
probably a lot of you do that Richard is
another name for dick or dick is another
name for Richard now obviously already
being named dick is just terrible
everybody called him dick nobody called
him Richard everybody called him dick
that wasn't the worst part though the
worst part about his name was that his
LAN
name was actually smalls small with an S
on the end of it so his name was Richard
smalls and everybody called him dick
smalls I don't know if his parents hated
him or what but he his name is Richard
smalls it was so bad that he literally
couldn't win any arguments cuz his name
was dick smalls there were so many jokes
going around the school that he had a
small dick that this kid actually got so
mad that the one girl that actually
allowed him to send a dick pic to her
she kept it for the longest time now the
thing about this dick picked that
Richard had sent to this girl was it's
not what you expected there's a whole
bunch of people be like oh why would you
want to do pictures from a god with a
small dick and all this other stuff and
nobody even saw his penis until one time
one time Richard had said something
wrong to this girl who had that picture
of his penis because he's just an
asshole
this girl decided to send this picture
out of his penis to the entire school
now a short pale chubby kid named
Richard smalls aka dick smalls you would
expect to have a small wiener
when this girl released this picture
that is that wasn't a small dick it like
the kid actually had a giant dick this
short pale chubby kid with a couple
freckles on his nose have a giant day
and I'm trying to stress the word giant
as much as I possibly can I saw the
picture myself I was thoroughly
impressed beat the shit out of mind eat
this shit out of my dick that sounds so
wrong
and the funniest part about this was I
think Richard was the only person that I
know that actually gained friends from
having a big dick I couldn't look at
hitting the same anymore
when he did jumping jacks and shit like
that I just I couldn't I did I didn't
want to look but at the same time I was
like but it was it was just a giant dick
protruding out of the bottom of a chubby
belly it's one of the weirdest stories
that went around my school dick smalls
dick smalls I remember when he would
just try to say hi to somebody everybody
shut the fuck up deck to scream it
did I do something